1.Before doing any other investigation, list two or three questions that this infographic
and explanation of methodology raise in your mind.
1.What is #1 most popular breakup food in the U.S. ? 
What do states like North Dakota and Vermont turn to after a breakup ? 

2. Where can you find Google Trends search data? Provide the URL.

https://trends.google.com/explore?q=%2Fm%2F01k17j&date=all&geo=US

3. The article concluded that “milkshakes take the crown as the ultimate breakup food,
topping the list in six states.” Pull up Google Trends data on Milkshake (beverage) and
change the date range to February 1, 2024 through February 28, 2025

a) What is the highest peak recorded in the line chart for “Interest over time”?
Feb 28th - Mar 31st 2025

b) What is the lowest dip recorded?
Nov 30th - Dec 31st 2024


4. At the top next to the box for “Milkshake,” there is a plus sign to add another search 
term. Click the plus sign to add a search for Hamburger (Food).

a) What is the highest peak recorded for searches using Hamburger? What is the 
lowest dip?
Highest = April 30th - May 31st 2024 and June 30th - July 31st 2024
Lowest = Nov 30th - Dec 31st 

b) What happened to the line for Milkshake? What do the high and low look like now?

5. Why did the line for Milkshake change? Hint: Click on the icon next to “Interest 
over time” for more information about how trend results are displayed.

6. Add a third term to your search, this time for Breakup (Topic). 
I've added Ice Cream to the Topic 

a) Do you see any patterns that suggest a relationship between searches for Breakup 
and Hamburger? 
I don't see any correlation for break ups and hamburgers 

b) How about between Breakup and Milkshake?
Their is some correlation between milkshakes and break ups 

7. What does all of this suggest about the reliability of the conclusions reached in the 
article?
It's accurate due to the trends on the search data coming from all over the U.S. 
with food and breakups 

8. At the upper right of Google Trends, click on the link for “Back to Classic Explore.”
Notice that this view includes a section for “Compared breakdown by subregion.”

a) What was the top state by interest for Milkshake?
South Carolina 

b) What was the top state by interest for Hamburger?
South Dakota 

9. Use the download icon to download a csv file with these search trend results. Save it 
to your DataAnalytics/week-01 folder as GTrends_milkshake_hamburger_2024.csv

10. OPTIONAL: Spend a little more time exploring Google Trends results for other 
“breakup foods” listed in the article. Some more food for thought:
I've added Ice cream and its more correlated with Hamburgers 

a) What are the differences you notice between searching for between searching for a 
term as a “search term” versus as a categorical term? What thoughts does this 
raise in your mind about working with Google Trends data? 

∗ For example, compare “Milkshake (beverage)” to “Milkshake (search term)”, 
then compare “Hamburger (Food)” to “Burger (search term)”

a) Try comparing “Hamburger (Food)” to some search terms oriented toward pop 
culture or current events. For instance, you might compare to “football” or 
“olympics.” What do you notice? What do you think other patterns in search 
behavior might represent