1. What conclusion can you reach about the responses to this question?
That everyone is making sure their devices is working properly and checking emails. Most students have a second monitor or laptop. Most people have a mouse and most of them don't. Everyone has proper material to take notes. Most of the questions were about SQL, Python, Data also about more

2. Is the default summary or visualization helpful? How could it be improved?
Yes, Because it helps me understand the questions more. some questions can be worded a bit difficult. 

3. For questions with an “Other” option, where can you find the actual text of those responses?  
You can find in on H2 - H25 and J2 - J26
 Do you notice anything that might be tricky about analyzing these?
 Yes, trying to remember which questions had other. Until I remembered. It had to be the yes and no questions.


4. For questions calling for a written response, what challenges do you notice about finding trends or patterns in the answers provided? 
Most responses are similar and or using the same words.
Kept it a bit short not to long for most.


5. Now that you can see the responses, how might you recommend rephrasing this or question or the response options in a future survey?
I would add to the " Do you have a second monitor or Device connected to your computer?"

Next respond to the below questions:

6. Is there anything that surprised you about the survey responses?
No and yes, most of the responses are on the same page. It was one person that only put g for the first question and they explained themselves on getting an second monitor.


7. Looking at the responses to questions 1 and 5, are there any ideas you might try to include in your morning routine, or any questions that you are also curious about?
Getting something to drink and making sure I used the bathroom. 


8. Pretend you are the instructor. Is there anything you can learn from this survey to help 
in how you approach teaching this class?
Ensuring my class that this course will be good. Don't fall behind keep faith. You all will succeed in this program and after its over. 

9. Again, pretend you are the instructor. Do you think it was helpful or not helpful to make this survey anonymous? Why or why not? (If you can see both pros and cons, you may include both.)
Helpful, because you don't know who really said it but can get a gist that everyone is mostly on the same page. or have the same emotions and thoughts.