1. Start by reviewing the data.gov home page. What is this?
The Home of the U.S. Government Open Data website. 

2. Go to Most Viewed Datasets. How many datasets are listed?
402,379 datasets found

3. Find the Topic Category for Human Health. Review the range of data sources 
available for this topic. Why do you think these were tagged with the Human Health 
category? They lead with food, education and health helping humans. 

4. Go to the Food Price Outlook. Review the catalog page for this dataset. How can you 
navigate to additional datasets from the USDA?
 Scroll down to downloads and resources and download "Web page with links to Excel files" Going from overview, scrolling down until you see Watch an overview and press it. It'll take you to the additional link for more information.

5. Go back to the data.gov home page. This time, click on Datasets by Organization.

6. Try searching for your city, county, and state. What organizations are returned?
Only the state of Maryland Pops up for me. 

7. Search for USDA, and click into the result. Within the USDA datasets, search for food 
composition. Notice that the top three results are all datasets concerning nutrition 
information. Try searching the USDA page for nutrition. How does that affect your 
results?
When I searched Food composition only 17 datasets were found. When I searched nutrition 229 were found in the dataset.
A lot more because its more information in a different area.

a) One of the tricky things about working with data is that sometimes the terminology 
used by a data source is not obvious. You may need to dig around and be creative 
to find what you’re looking for. 
I see that, Just by one little word difference it can cause more or less. 

8. Go back to the results for food composition, and click on Food Data Central. Review 
the catalog page for this data source, then click on the button for Visit Page. Take 
some time to explore the Food Data Central website. 


a) Try searching for butter, or any of your favorite foods. What kind of results do you 
get? What happens when you click on a result?
I have 5 results for butter. 2 for Queso. 19 for cheese. 9 for chicken

b) Go back to the home page. Find Foundation Foods, and click on Downloads. What 
kind of data can you find on this page? Foundation Food, SR Legacy, FNDDS, Branded, Full Download of All Data Types.
How big are these files? Between 194MB
 Where can you find more information on the data types available? In the same area scrolling down the page seeing more datasets.
